hello to all survivors and
welcome to a new video blog of my
channel today I want to recommend you the second
classic of this new section that I started
in February and that basically consists of
that every month I want to recommend you a
classic last month I recommended jeiner
from charlotte brontë and this month I want
recommend a novel that although it is
framed within realism has
appeared in many collections of
science fiction and fantasy
precisely for being extreme realism
for that cruelty that comes off and because
has inspired many genre authors
these novels of course the Lord of
the flies' written by william ward
was the Nobel prize in 1973 any
thing that comes from this novel as of
all the classics that appear in
our section will already be said for that
I say all these reviews that I do
are based on my personal opinion and
certainly the Lord of the Flies' to me
It marked me a lot when I read it with 14
or 15 years first of all I want
tell you a little bit about what goes for those
that you do not know the argument this is the
story of a group of evacuated children
of the war that traveling by plane is
star on a desert island only
are alive 15 or 20 and the oldest has 13
years and the smallest 6 or 7 between
all the children of friends will have to
organize to try to stay with
life organize a small society
until they are rescued and have
some that hunt others that keep the
fire on for them to see you and
others will have to take care that
can live in some kind of house or that
nothing happens to them when this happens
two well-differentiated groups will appear
and a war will begin to develop
that will take them not only to survive
to the island but also to themselves
this novel to me marked me very much
because it was the first one I read I'm
sure that many others have
happened the same thing in which children
when adults disappear they
They start behaving like savages
normal in all these stories in the
that parents disappear in children
and left alone is that children
they behave even better than adults
in fact they always manage to solve
some crime or saving someone or what
be in a much more adult way than
normal behavior of any
kid and yet be careful when you
laugh at all of that in particular from a
novel that is titled the island of coral
written by valentino there are also some
children who disappear on an island
deserted and that are also called equal
that the protagonists of his story and
write a story so cruel and real
as life itself as I say all the
characters that appear in the novel are
guys some kids between 6 and
13 years and the protagonists are in that
fringe between 11 and 13 and each
of them plays a key role in
the story one is the ine another is the
smartest boy another is the
stronger and somehow william
mom is capable of all the archetypes and
prototypes that you can imagine and create
real human characters and with a few
incredible dialogues there may be
fragments that come out a bit dense
but I assure you that all the paragraphs
they are there for a reason and that is
novel beyond the story that
account beyond the characters that
presents speech of symbols speak of the
loss of innocence speaks of the
cruelty talks about the power of fantasy
high of the power to create something new from
zero and that human nature itself what
corrupts why I recommend that you read
this novel the youngest possible
to then be able to read it in the future and
discover that those fragments that those
they have done heavier because they have
seemed more bored they have grown up with
you and you can discover many more
details that had escaped you before
so I definitely recommend
very much the Lord of the Flies' because
I assure you that it is a book that has
influenced not only adult authors
but also of juvenile itself
michael grant with his forgotten saga
has a wide influence of the Lord of
the flies' why they are a handful
of children who have to survive in
an island deserted in that case in a
closed dome where they have to
create from making a partnership and if already
you have read the book you have seen
any of the adaptations
cinematic that there is of the novel not
hesitate to tell me in the comments that
It has seemed to you and if you liked it
they are games I like and all these
nice things that I appreciate very much and
see you in the next biologist
see you later this is the screen in
I remind you that you can subscribe
to the channel enter my website add
me to twitter or if you want to see some of
the videos that I have uploaded previously
be impressed that one has his dignity